.so /usr/lfl/lib/doctemps/papdefs.nr
.PL 11i				\" page length - 11 inches
.LL 6.5i			\" line-length - 6.5 inches
.PO 1i				\" left-margin - 1 inch
.PI 5n				\" paragraph indent - 0
.HM 1i				\" header margin - 1 inch
.FM 1i				\" footer margin - 1 inch
.ta 6 10 15 20 25 30 35 40 45	\" tabs every 8 characters

.na
.ND
.fi
.ls 2
.ce
.ul
AGREEMENT

.PP
THIS AGREEMENT is made and entered into this ______day of
____________________, 1985, by and between QUANTUM COMPUTER SERVICES,
INC., a Delaware corporation, having its principal offices at 8620
Westwood Center Drive, Vienna, Virginia 22180 (herein "Quantum") and
LUCASFILM LTD., a California corporation, having its principal offices
at 3301 Kerner Boulevard, San Rafael, California 94901 (herein
"Lucasfilm").

.PP
WHEREAS, Quantum is the proprietor and operator of the QuantumLink
Network and related software (hereinafter referred to as "Q-Link")
providing Commodore 64 users and others access to certain electronic
communications services, information services and software products (to
include game and other entertainment software products) which Q-Link
subscribers use in an interactive mode with other Q-Link subscribers;
and
.PP
WHEREAS, Lucasfilm has begun research and development for and is the
proprietor of an interactive entertainment system known as the
MicroCosm System (herein MicroCosm); and
.PP
WHEREAS, Quantum desires to retain Lucasfilm's research and development
services with regard to developing an interactive entertainment system
and to obtain certain rights to market and make use of MicroCosm; and
.PP
WHEREAS, Lucasfilm is willing to provide such services and license
certain rights in MicroCosm to Quantum in accordance with the terms of
this Agreement;
.PP
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing, the mutual promises
contained herein, and other good and valuable consideration, receipt of
which is hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows:

1.   \fIDEFINITIONS.\fR
.PP
The following terms have the following respective meanings for purposes
of this agreement:
.PP
1.1.  "Advanced Object Set" means the set of objective behavior modules and
imagery which Lucasfilm may develop as an enhancement to the Public
Microcosm system release.
.PP
1.2.  "Amiga Q-Link Subscriber" means a user of an Amiga computer who
accesses the QuantumLink network by means of such computer.
.PP
1.3.  "Avatar Personalization Kit" means the interactive software developed
by Lucasfilm to allow a Commodore 64 Q-Link subscriber to customize the
appearance of his avatar in the MicroCosm system.
.PP
1.4.  "Baseline Home System" means the basic software residing on a
Commodore 64 Q-Link subscriber's computer to handle interaction,
communications and graphics for the Public Release MicroCosm system.
.PP
1.5.  "Baseline Host System" means the software specified and designed by
Lucasfilm and programmed by Quantum which shall reside in the Q-Link
host computer system to permit interaction between and among multiple
Commodore 64 Q-Link subscribers in the MicroCosm system.
.PP
1.6.  "Basic Object Set" means the set of object behavior modules and imagery
developed by Lucasfilm for the basic collection of common objects which
shall reside on a Commodore 64 Q-Link subscriber's computer and in the
Public MicroCosm System Release.
.PP
1.7.  "Beta-test MicroCosm system release" means the preliminary baseline
home system, preliminary baseline host system and preliminary basic
object set.
.PP
1.8.  "Commodore 64 Q-Link subscriber" means a user of Commodore 64 or
Commodore 128 computer who accesses the QuantumLink network by means of
either such computer.
.PP
1.9.  "Conversion" means any version of the Public MicroCosm System Release
programmed to operate on any computer other than the Commodore 64.
.PP
1.10. "Derivative Version" means any interactive entertainment system
based on MicroCosm Fantasy Elements.
.PP
1.11. "Documentation" means any material related to the MicroCosm system
created by Lucasfilm to aid in the understanding, use or application of
the MicroCosm system.
.PP
1.12. "Document" is a written report or other written material, or
diagram, or written description, which defines or describes some
element or elements of the MicroCosm system, and which is delivered by
Lucasfilm to Quantum in accordance with Exhibit B.
.PP
1.13. "Gateway software developers' kit" means the software which Lucasfilm
may develop as an enhancement to the Public MicroCosm System Release to allow
third-party software developers to develop software of their own
creation for use in connection with MicroCosm system.
.PP
1.14. "Host database" means the software modules developed by Lucasfilm and
Quantum under this Agreement which shall reside in the Q-Link host
computer system to handle the necessary parts of the basic object set
and advanced object set which must reside in the Q-Link host computer
system.
.PP
1.15. "Host System Operating Software" means software developed by
Quantum or licensed by Quantum from some third party which runs on the
Q-Link Host Computer and which functions to provide a general operating
environment for Q-Link.
.PP
1.16. "MicroCosm system" means the most recent complete version of the
MicroCosm system, whether it be the Beta-test Microcosm system release,
the Public MicroCosm system release or Advanced MicroCosm system
containing additional features and components not included in the
Public MicroCosm system release.
.PP
1.17. "Object Construction Kit" means the software to allow third-party
developers to add new objects to the basic object set or advanced
object set, which software Lucasfilm may develop as an enhancement to
the Public MicroCosm system release.
.PP
1.18. "Public MicroCosm system release" means the computer program
modules, programming and designs for the baseline home system, basic
object set, baseline host system, and avatar personalization kit, turf
personalization kit and system manager's package developed, written,
provided or modified by the parties, and as generally described in
Lucasfilm's MicroCosm design specification, which is attached hereto as
Exhibit A and incorporated herein by this reference.
.PP
1.19. "Q-Link subscriber" means any party who subscribes to the Q-Link
network.
.PP
1.20. "Fantasy Elements" means audio, visual, or audiovisual
representations contained in MicroCosm which are presented to the user
during interaction with MicroCosm and which are unique to or
characteristic of MicroCosm.  Fantasy Elements does not mean or include
any System Element, in whole or in part.
.PP
1.21. "System Elements" means computer software components of MicroCosm
which operate on a Q-Link subscriber's Commodore 64 or a Q-Link host
computer to present MicroCosm and to permit its interactive operation.
.PP
1.22. "System manager's package" means the software developed by Quantum
which will reside in the Q-Link host computer and which permits Q-Link
personnel to make such deletions, additions, or modifications in the
MicroCosm host database as needed for routine operation of the
MicroCosm system.
.PP
1.23. "Territory" means United States and Canada.
.PP
1.24. "Turf Personalization Kit" means the interactive software developed by
Lucasfilm to allow a Commodore 64 Q-Link subscriber to customize the
appearance of his turf in the MicroCosm system.
.PP
1.25. "Universe Construction Kit" means the software to allow third
party developers to add new universes or Fantasy Elements to the
MicroCosm system, which software Lucasfilm may develop as an
enhancement to the Public MicroCosm system release.

1.26. "User Operating Instructions" means a printed booklet and on-line
instructions to be created, published and distributed by Quantum (subject to
complete review and approval by Lucasfilm) based on documentation, drawings,
and other materials supplied by Lucasfilm; said booklet shall contain such
instructions, directions, descriptions, story materials, text, artwork, and
graphics as may be required or helpful in instructing Commodore 64 Q-Link
Subscribers in the use and operation of the MicroCosm system.

2.  \fIPROJECT_SCOPE_AND_COOPERATION.\fR
.PP
2.1.  This Agreement covers the research, design, development, and
testing of the Public MicroCosm system release, and, if research and
testing are successful (pursuant to the parties' mutually agreed-upon
standards), the incorporation of such system release by Quantum on the
Q-Link system under license from Lucasfilm.
.PP
2.2.  Quantum and Lucasfilm acknowledge and agree that the development
of MicroCosm pursuant to this Agreement is an innovative,
developmental, experimental effort, and that the success of such
efforts and incorporation of MicroCosm on the Q-Link network requires
both parties full and mutual good faith and cooperation.
.PP
2.3.  Subject to the confidentiality restrictions below, the parties
agree to share with each other all information and data necessary for
the performance of this Agreement.
.PP
2.4.  Lucasfilm agrees and acknowledges that Quantum may compensate
Lucasfilm hereunder by means of a partnership or other legal entity,
subject to the assignment and guarantee restrictions of Paragraph 19 below.

3. \fIDEVELOPMENT_AND_PAYMENT_SCHEDULE.\fR
.PP
3.1.  The Development and Payment Schedule for completion of the Public
MicroCosm system release is attached hereto as Exhibit B and
incorporated herein by this reference.  Exhibit B illustrates the
parties' present expectations as to the timing of the development work
to be performed by Lucasfilm and Quantum, and is subject to mutually
agreed-upon modification from time-to-time as the project progresses.
.PP
3.2.  Detailed design specifications for the Public MicroCosm system
release have been completed by Lucasfilm and delivered to Quantum.
Quantum has accepted such specifications, which are attached hereto as
Exhibit A and incorporated herein by this reference.  The parties may
mutually agree in writing to modify said design specifications, and/or
dates set forth on the Schedule at Exhibit B with respect to the
delivery and acceptance or rejection of any element of the Public
MicroCosm system release as described in the detailed design
specifications.
.PP
3.3.  In the event that Quantum requests changes in the specifications
or otherwise requests or requires changes in the deliverables or in the
Development or Payment Schedules which in Lucasfilm's reasonable
judgment require additional compensation to Lucasfilm, Quantum shall
compensate Lucasfilm on a time-and-materials basis in accordance with
written estimates submitted to and approved in advance by Quantum.

4.  \fIRESPONSIBILITIES_OF_LUCASFILM.\fR
.PP
Lucasfilm shall provide the following to Quantum in accordance with
Exhibits A and B:
.PP

4.1.  Detailed design specifications for the Public MicroCosm system
release attached hereto as Exhibit A;
.PP
4.2.  Preliminary Basic Object Set components to be included in the
preliminary Baseline Host Data Base of the Host Baseline System;
.PP
4.3.  Preliminary Baseline Home System;
.PP
4.4.  With the assistance of Quantum, integration of the preliminary
Basic Object Set, preliminary Baseline Home System and preliminary
Baseline Host System into a functional Beta-test MicroCosm system
release.
.PP
4.5.  A demonstration of the functionality of the Beta-test MicroCosm
system release.
.PP
4.6.  Assistance to Quantum in Beta-testing the Beta-test MicroCosm
system. 
.PP
4.7.  Complete final basic object set for Public MicroCosm
system release.
.PP
4.8.  The final basic object set components to be included in host
database of hose baseline system for Public MicroCosm system release.
.PP
4.9.  Complete final baseline home system for Public
MicroCosm system release.
.PP
4.10. Complete avatar personalization kit for Public MicroCosm system
release.
.PP
4.11. Complete turf personalization kit for Public MicroCosm system
release.
.PP
4.12. Complete host database for the basic object set with the
assistance of Quantum.
.PP
4.13. A demonstration of the functionality of the Public MicroCosm system
release. 
.PP
4.14. Assistance to Quantum in testing the Public MicroCosm system release.
.PP
4.15. Complete documentation for Public MicroCosm system release.
.PP
4.16. A demonstration of Public MicroCosm system release to assist
Quantum in marketing the system, subject to specification to be agreed
upon between the parties, and developed with the assistance of
Quantum.  (It is herein acknowledged that said demonstration is not
expected or intended to require substantial effort by Lucasfilm beyond
what would otherwise be expended in completing the deliverables
specified in Exhibit B.)
.PP
4.17. Reasonable assistance to Quantum in marketing the MicroCosm
system during the first year of this Agreement, subject to the
availability of LFL personnel and subject to Quantum's agreement in
advance to reimburse LFL for all out-of-pocket expenses, provided that
such expenses have been approved in advance by Quantum.
.PP
4.18. Lucasfilm shall submit a monthly progress report to Quantum, not
more than five working days after the end of each month, signed by an
authorized representative of Lucasfilm.  Each progress report shall
describe the status of Lucasfilm's performance since the preceding
report, including the deliverables delivered, and the progress expected
to be made in the next succeeding month.  Each report shall describe
Lucasfilm's activities by reference to the schedule of stages and tasks
attached as Exhibit B.  The progress reports shall identify and
describe any unanticipated material problems, or delays, incurred or
anticipated by Lucasfilm.  The monthly reports shall continue until
Beta-testing for the MicroCosm system is completed.


5.  \fIRESPONSIBILITIES_OF_QUANTUM.\fR
.PP
Quantum shall provide the following to Lucasfilm in accordance with
Exhibits A and B:
.PP
5.1.  At least one full-time host database programmer to
incorporate the components of the project into the host system.
.PP
5.2.  Completion of the baseline host system with the assistance of Lucasfilm.
.PP
5.3.  Completion of system manager's package for Public MicroCosm system
release. 
.PP
5.4.  Design of test and evaluation procedures for a Beta-test of the
MicroCosm system, and completion of the Beta-testing of the Beta-test
MicroCosm system release with assistance of Lucasfilm.
.PP
5.5.  A complete test of Public MicroCosm system release. 
.PP
5.6.  Announcement of the release of Public MicroCosm system release,
and marketing and promotion of MicroCosm as a premier and featured
aspect of Q-Link.
.PP
5.7.  Publish and distribute User Operating Instructions for MicroCosm
with the assistance of Lucasfilm for Public MicroCosm system release to
Q-Link subscribers.
.PP
5.8.  Publish and distribute software for basic MicroCosm system
release to Q-Link subscribers who subscribe to use MicroCosm.
.PP
5.9.  Quantum shall, following the first public announcement of the
MicroCosm system, provide Lucasfilm with a written marketing report no
later than the fifth working day of each quarter (i.e., reports to be
submitted in January, April, July and October of each year, during the
term hereof) containing the following data:  (1) a description of
marketing activities conducted during the preceding quarter; and (2) a
review of projected marketing activities, sales, and projected sales
for the subsequent quarter, including general information about the
performance of Quantum in selling Q-Link, information about the sale
and use of MicroCosm, and information about other similar services
distributed or sold by Quantum.
.PP
5.10. Quantum will maintain a high order of professionalism in the
marketing and distribution of MicroCosm and will use its best efforts to
maximize the royalties paid to Lucasfilm under this Agreement.
.PP
5.11 Quantum reserves the right to determine terms and conditions of
sale for access to and use of MicroCosm by its Commodore 64 Q-Link
Subscribers, except that Quantum agrees that it will not sell
MicroCosm at less than the amount charged for other premium "Plus" Q-Link
services (as such term is used by Quantum) without Lucasfilm's prior written
consent and that it will not allow Subscribers to use MicroCosm on a free,
no-charge or reduced-charge basis for any reason.
.PP
5.12. Quantum shall submit a monthly progress report to Lucasfilm, not
more than five working days after the end of each month signed by an
authorized representative of Quantum.  Each progress report shall
describe the status of Quantum's performance since the preceding
report, including the deliverables delivered, and the progress expected
to be made in the next succeeding month.  Each report shall describe
Quantum's activities by reference to the schedule of stages and tasks
attached as Exhibit B.  The progress reports shall identify and
describe any unanticipated material problems, or delays, incurred or
anticipated by Quantum.  The monthly reports shall continue until
Beta-testing for the MicroCosm system is completed.

6.  \fICONFIDENTIALITY.\fR
.PP
6.1.  The parties acknowledge and agree that pursuant to this Agreement
each party will disclose to the other certain data and that as a result
of such disclosure, the receiving party ("Recipient") may have access
to or receive information of the disclosing party ("Disclosing Party")
which is confidential concerning any or all of the following:
research, products, designs, software, services, development,
inventions, processes, designs, drawings, engineering, marketing, or
finances.  For purposes of this Agreement, any such information which
is to be subject to the use and disclosure provisions of this Agreement
shall be clearly and conspicuously marked in writing by the Disclosing
Party as "Proprietary" or "Confidential", and any disclosure of such
information made orally or visually shall be promptly confirmed in
writing by the Disclosing Party and identified in writing as
"Confidential" or "Proprietary."  Any information so marked is
"Disclosing Party Information" for purposes of this Agreement.
.PP
6.2.  Recipient agrees that (a) it shall use Disclosing Party
Information only as authorized by this Agreement, (b) it shall hold
Disclosing Party Information in confidence, (c) it shall not disclose
any Disclosing Party Information to anyone except in accordance with
this Agreement, and (d) it shall use its best efforts to prevent any
unauthorized disclosure of Disclosing Party Information.
.PP
6.3.  Recipient's obligations, as set forth above, shall not apply to any
information, whether or not such information is "Disclosing Party
Information" for purposes of this Agreement, if such information:
.IP (a)
was publicly available or in the public domain at the time it was
communicated to Recipient by the Disclosing Party; or
.IP (b)
is or becomes publicly available or public domain information through no
fault of Recipient subsequent to the time it was communicated to
Recipient by the Disclosing Party; or
.IP (c)
is in Recipient's possession free of any obligation of confidence to
Disclosing Party at the time it was communicated to Recipient by the
Disclosing Party; or
.IP (d)
is rightfully communicated to Recipient free of any obligation of
confidence subsequent to the time it was communicated to Recipient by
the Disclosing Party; or
.IP (e)
is independently developed by Recipient;
.IP (f)
is disclosed pursuant to law, or in response to the order of a court or
government authority; or
.IP (g)
is disclosed inadvertently notwithstanding the exercise of the same
degree of care as the Recipient takes to preserve and safeguard its own
confidential information.
.PP
6.4.  Disclosing Party warrants, represents and acknowledges that it has
the right to disclose the Disclosing Party Information to Recipient and
that any such disclosure does not violate the rights of any other
person or entity.  Disclosing Party agrees to indemnify Recipient and
hold it harmless from and against all loss, liability, damage and
expense (including reasonable attorneys' fees) arising from any all 
claims, demands, actions or suits resulting directly or indirectly from
use by Recipient of the Disclosing Party Information authorized
hereunder or disclosure to Recipient of the Disclosing Party
Information by Disclosing Party.
.PP
6.5.  This Agreement shall be considered a proprietary document.  The
parties agree and acknowledge that each shall keep the existence of
this Agreement, as well as the relationship hereunder, confidential and
shall not disclose the existence of this Agreement, this relationship,
or any information relating thereto, to any entity for any purpose
without prior written consent of the other party.

7. \fIMICROCOSM_LICENSE\fR
.PP
7.1.  Lucasfilm hereby grants and Quantum hereby accepts, as of the
date of this Agreement and subject to the terms and conditions
specified herein, the exclusive license to publish, market and
distribute MicroCosm to Commodore 64 Q-Link subscribers by means of the Q-Link
network within the territory, said rights including without limitation
the right to copy, reproduce, download, transmit, encode, scramble,
maintain, use, perform and display Microcosm.
.PP
7.2.  The term of this License shall commence as of the date of this
Agreement, and shall continue for five years, unless otherwise
terminated hereunder.
.PP
7.3.  If during any calendar month following the first two years (24
calendar months) of this Agreement the number of paid Commodore 64 Q-Link
Subscriber hours using MicroCosm does not exceed 25,000 hours total use, or
1 hour per month usage for every 4 subscribers (whichever is greater),
then the exclusivity granted to Quantum herein shall terminate and Quantum's
rights hereunder shall be nonexclusive for the remainder of the term.
Nothing contained in this paragraph shall be construed to limit or eliminate
the parties' termination rights as specified in Paragraph 21 below.  

8. \fITRADEMARKS.\fR
.PP
8.1.  Simultaneously with execution of this Agreement, Quantum will
execute a Trademark License Agreement in the form attached hereto as
Exhibit C.  Quantum's rights thereunder will continue only so long as
this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect, and upon
expiration or termination of this Agreement, all rights granted Quantum
thereunder shall simultaneously expire or terminate, provided however
that Quantum shall continue to be bound by any obligations therein
which expressly survive expiration or termination.
.PP
8.2.  Neither party shall acquire any rights in the trade names or marks
of the other party under this Agreement except as stated herein.

9. \fIOWNERSHIP_AND_RESERVATION_OF_RIGHTS\fR
.PP
9.1. In accordance with the allocation of ownership of MicroCosm system
components set out in Exhibit D (attached hereto and incorporated
hereunder by this reference), Lucasfilm is and shall be the sole and
exclusive owner of all worldwide rights in and to any software, program
codes, audiovisual effects created by program code, designs, databases,
documentation, or other work produced, developed or authored solely or
principally by Lucasfilm under this Agreement.  Quantum agrees to
cooperate with Lucasfilm in perfecting any such rights, such
cooperation including but not limited to execution of assignments,
limited powers of attorney or other documents as requested by
Lucasfilm.
.PP
9.2. In accordance with the allocation of ownership of MicroCosm system
components set out in Exhibit D, Quantum is and shall be the sole and
exclusive owner of all worldwide rights in and to any software, program
codes, audiovisual effects created by program code, designs, databases,
documentation, or other work produced, developed or authored solely or
principally by Quantum under this Agreement.  Lucasfilm agrees to
cooperate with Quantum in perfecting any such rights, such cooperation
including but not limited to execution of assignments, limited powers
of attorney or other documents as requested by Quantum.
.PP
9.3.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, it is hereby acknowledged that
Lucasfilm has developed certain software technologies, utilities,
development tools, and programming techniques (herein "Lucasfilm
Technology") which may be used to create and develop the MicroCosm
system, and that Lucasfilm may develop additional Lucasfilm Technology
during the course of the design and development of the MicroCosm
system, and that Quantum shall receive no right, title, interest,
license or other access to such Lucasfilm Technology except as it may
be delivered by Lucasfilm to Quantum as part of a deliverable as set
forth in Exhibit B.  In such case, Quantum's rights to such Lucasfilm
Technology shall be limited to those rights granted to Quantum for
MicroCosm in accordance with this Agreement.
.PP
9.4.  It is hereby acknowledged that Quantum has developed and/or
licensed certain software technology (herein "Quantum Technology")
which may be used to create and develop the portion of the MicroCosm
system to be programmed by Quantum, and which will be used to operate
the MicroCosm system on the Q-Link, and that Quantum may develop
additional Quantum Technology during the course of the design and
development of the MicroCosm system, and that Lucasfilm shall receive
no right, title, interest, license or other access to such Quantum
Technology except as it may be delivered by Quantum to Lucasfilm as
part of a deliverable as set forth in Exhibit B, or as it may be
incorporated into the operation of the MicroCosm system on the Q-Link.
.PP
9.5.  If a particular system component (in accordance with Exhibit D)
or other material (in accordance with other portions of this Agreement)
is jointly owned, Lucasfilm and Quantum, throughout the term of this
Agreement and any extensions or renewels thereof, will not make any use
of such component or material other than any use permitted hereunder,
without the prior written consent of the other party hereto, provided
however that (i) Lucasfilm reserves solely and exclusively for its use
and benefit, in a manner consistent with this Agreement, all rights in
and to the Fantasy Elements and Lucasfilm Technology, and any
trademarks or copyrights therein, and further provided that (ii)
Quantum reserves solely and exclusively for its use and benefit and
that of its licensees, in a manner consistent with this Agreement, all
rights in and to the Quantum Technology.
.PP
9.6.  Upon expiration, termination or revision of any license granted
to Quantum hereunder, neither Lucasfilm nor Quantum will make any use
of any jointly-owned system component or other jointly-owned material
associated with MicroCosm without the prior written consent of the
other party, which consent may be granted or withheld within such other
party's absolute discretion.
.PP
9.7.  If third parties who are not employees of Quantum or Lucasfilm
make or have made any contribution to the creation of the system
components or other MicroCosm materials, the party (Quantum or
Lucasfilm) who engaged any such third party for said purpose shall
obtain from any such party a full assignment of rights so that all
rights of any kind therein shall vest in either Quantum or Lucasfilm
(as required by this Agreement), free of any claims, interests, or
rights of any such third party and be subject to the ownership
provisions of this Agreement.  Quantum and Lucasfilm will not permit
any of their employees to obtain or reserve by any means any rights
therein whether as "author" or otherwise.  At each other's request,
Quantum and Lucasfilm agree to furnish each other with full information
concerning the creation thereof and with copies of the assignments of
rights obtained from any such third parties pursuant to this section.
.PP
9.8.  Each party acknowledges that the other, directly and through its
affiliates and third persons, has developed and may in the future
develop interactive entertainment systems independently of this
Agreement.  It is understood and agreed that neither party shall seek
to duplicate any idea or concept of the other party for a possible or
existing system of the other party, and each party shall act in good
faith with respect to ideas or concepts for possible and existing
systems, that may be discussed between them.  Each party, however,
recognizes that the other party, its agents and affiliates might in
good faith independently develop systems involving ideas or concepts
that resemble ideas or concepts discussed in connection with the
development of possible systems hereunder.
.PP
9.9.  Copyright notices or other proprietary notices provided by
either party to the other with respect to their respective works will
be included by the other party on all copies of such works, and as
otherwise required with regard to display or performance thereof.
.PP
9.10. The parties agree and acknowledge that Lucasfilm retains and
reserves all rights in and to MicroCosm, and all components or elements
thereof, except to the extent any such rights are licensed to Quantum
by the express terms of this Agreement.

10. \fIPUBLICITY_AND_ADVERTISING.\fR
.PP
10.1. At Quantum's reasonable request, Lucasfilm shall assist Quantum
in creating publicity and advertising materials to support Quantum's
marketing of the MicroCosm system under this Agreement, provided
however that Quantum shall promptly reimburse Lucasfilm for all
expenses, including without limitation any out-of-pocket expenses,
specifically authorized by  Quantum in advance, incurred by Lucasfilm
in connection therewith, and further provided that nothing contained in
this paragraph shall be construed to limit or eliminate Lucasfilm's
approval rights under this Agreement or any other agreement between the
parties hereto.
.PP
10.2. Neither party shall make any public announcement as to the
existence or nature of the MicroCosm Project without prior review and
approval by the other party.  Quantum specifically agrees to consult
with Lucasfilm as to advertising, public relations, press announcements
and releases, and all other marketing activities prior to commencement,
use or distribution thereof, and to submit to Lucasfilm, in a manner
and form which Lucasfilm shall specify, all materials, including
without limitation written copy, artwork, graphic designs, and
descriptive materials, which are intended for use in the marketing and
promotion of MicroCosm.  Lucasfilm shall have the right to review,
edit, modify, and suggest reasonable changes to said materials prior to
their use.  Quantum shall submit such materials to Lucasfilm such that
Lucasfilm shall have five (5) working days in which to approve such
materials; Lucasfilm agrees to use its best efforts to approve, request
modifications, or reject all submitted materials within five (5)
working days.  Lucasfilm agrees to work with Quantum to the extent
reasonable and necessary to assist Quantum in developing materials
which will be readily approved by Lucasfilm, however in no event will
Quantum publish or distribute any marketing, publicity, advertising,
user operating instructions or other material, nor commence any
marketing program, which has not been reviewed and approved by
Lucasfilm.

11.  \fIRELATIONSHIP_OF_THE_PARTIES.\fR
.PP
11.1.  This Agreement creates no relationship of joint venturers,
partners, or associates.  The parties agree that each shall perform its
obligations hereunder as an independent contractor.  The parties will
have the right to appoint, and will solely be responsible for, their
own employees, agents and representatives.  All such persons will be
hired or retained at the respective party's own risk, expense and
supervision, and will not have any right to claim any compensation or
reimbursement from the other party in the absence of a prior written
agreement between the parties so providing.
.PP
11.2.  Neither party has, nor will it hold itself out as having, any
right, power, or authority to create any contract or obligation on
behalf of or in the name of the other party, or to otherwise bind the
other party or to do any act or thing in the name of the other party
unless specifically authorized to do so by this Agreement. 
.PP
11.3.  Each party shall bear all of its own expenses and disbursements
incurred in connection with this Agreement and its performance
hereunder, except as provided elsewhere herein.

12.  \fISUBSTITUTE_NETWORK.\fR
.PP
In the event Quantum elects to discontinue the Q-Link network, Quantum
may substitute another network to support MicroCosm provided that any
such substitution shall ensure the quality and performance standards as
established and agreed between the parties, and shall be subject to
Lucasfilm's prior written consent, which consent will not be unreasonably
withheld.  In the event that any such substitution is approved,
Lucasfilm agrees to assist Quantum in effecting a network substitution
consistent with the objective of maintaining continuous operations of
the MicroCosm system, provided that Quantum shall compensate Lucasfilm
for any such efforts on a time-and-expense basis.

13.  \fIADVERTISING_LIMITATION.\fR
.PP
Except as provided elsewhere herein, neither party shall acquire the
right to use, and shall not use, the names, characters, artwork,
designs, trade names, copyrighted materials, trademarks or service
marks of the other party, its related or subsidiary companies,
employees, directors, shareholders, assigns, successors or licensees
(a) in any advertising, publicity or promotion, (b) to express or
imply any endorsement of the other party's services or products, or
(c) in any manner.

14.  \fICOMPENSATION.\fR
.PP
14.1. Quantum agrees to pay and Lucasfilm agrees to accept a
development fee of Two Hundred and Fifty Thousand Dollars ($250,000)
for the research and development work leading to the completion of the
Public MicroCosm system release for Commodore 64 Q-Link subscribers,
such amount to be paid in installments as specified below.
.PP
14.2. It is hereby acknowledged that Quantum has paid Lucasfilm the sum
of Twenty Five Thousand Dollars ($25,000) prior to the execution of
this Agreement, which sum constitutes the first installment of the
total contract amount specified in Paragraph 14.1.
.PP
14.3. Upon execution of this Agreement, Quantum shall pay Lucasfilm an
additional installment payment of Twenty Five Thousand Dollars
($25,000).
.PP
14.4. The balance of the contract price (Two Hundred Thousand Dollars)
shall be paid to Lucasfilm in the amounts and at the times set forth in
Exhibit B, upon satisfactory completion of the corresponding
deliverables.
.PP
14.5. In addition to the foregoing compensation, Quantum agrees to pay
and Lucasfilm agrees to accept a royalty of 10% on the "commissionable
revenue" (as such term is hereunder defined) generated by Quantum from
the Microcosm system.  Commissionable revenue shall mean the gross
revenue received by Quantum for the sale, use, distribution, or license
of the MicroCosm system, or any portion thereof.  Payments of royalty
commissions to Lucasfilm will be made monthly within sixty (60) days
from the date of receipt of such commissionable revenue by Quantum.
.PP
14.6. In addition to the foregoing compensation, Quantum agrees to pay
and Lucasfilm agrees to accept an additional royalty payment equal to
10% of the sum of the set basic monthly fees charged by Q-Link to its
Commodore 64 Q-Link Subscribers for each month of operation in which
the monthly usage of the MicroCosm system is equal to or exceeds an
average of three (3) hours per Commodore 64 Q-Link Q-Link subscriber.
For example, Quantum currently charges its subscribers a set basic
monthly charge of $9.95 per month, which fee is a charge for basic
Q-Link services.  If in a given month, Quantum had 10,000 subscribers,
and the total number of hours which subscribers used MicroCosm was
30,000 hours, then Quantum would pay Lucasfilm an additional royalty of
10% of the sum of the set fees Quantum charged its subscribers during
that month, as represented in the following formula:  $9.95 per
subscriber set fee, x 10,000 subscribers, = $99,500 total of set fees;
Lucasfilm receives 10% or $9,950, in addition to any other royalties or
other compensation due Lucasfilm for use of the MicroCosm system.
.PP
14.7  The parties acknowledge and agree that Quantum intends to
distribute a floppy disk containing the Baseline Home System and other
elements of the MicroCosm system to its Commodore 64 Q-Link Subscribers
who request to participate in MicroCosm, and that such disk, if sold,
shall be sold for a nominal amount which shall be essentially equal to
the cost of duplicating and distributing the disks ("Disk Cost").  If
Quantum sells such disks for an amount in excess of the Disk Cost, then
Lucasfilm shall be entitled to fifty percent (50%) of such excess
amount, payable monthly within sixty (60) days from the date of receipt
of such funds.
.PP
14.8. The parties agree and acknowledge that the form and amount of
royalty compensation which Quantum agrees to pay and Lucasfilm agrees
to accept in exchange for Quantum's right to distribute MicroCosm
pursuant to this Agreement is based on Lucasfilm's acceptance of a good
faith presentation by Quantum of the costs associated with Quantum's
primary business of operating a consumer telecommunications network
and information delivery service over telephone lines to users of
certain home computers.  At Lucasfilm's request but no more than once
per year during the term of this Agreement, Quantum agrees to provide
Lucasfilm with a statement of its per-hour operating costs, which
statement shall be subject to verification by Lucasfilm or its
authorized representative.  Should the actual amount of those costs be
lower than the amount of those costs most recently reported to
Lucasfilm by Quantum, then Quantum agrees to negotiate in good faith
with Lucasfilm with respect to an increase in Lucasfilm's royalty
compensation payable pursuant to this Agreement.
.PP
14.9. Lucasfilm agrees to pay Quantum a royalty of ___ percent (___%)
on net revenues received by Lucasfilm from the license of MicroCosm or
any Derivative Version received from any source other than Quantum or
its designated representative, provided that Lucasfilm receives any
such revenues while this Agreement is in full force and effect.
.PP
14.10. As a material inducement for Quantum to enter into this
Agreement, Lucasfilm agrees to pay and Quantum agrees to accept a
royalty commission of ____percent (____%) on "commissionable revenue"
(as such term is hereinafter defined) by Lucasfilm from the
merchandising rights pertaining to the names, marks, objects,
characters, or designs used in the MicroCosm system.  Commissionable
revenue shall mean revenue actually received by Lucasfilm as a result
of its merchandising rights, less __________.  Payments of royalty
commissions to Quantum will be made monthly within sixty (60) days from
the date of receipt of commissionable revenue by Lucasfilm.
.PP
14.11. Within sixty (60) days after the close of the first calendar
month in which royalties are due either party hereunder, and promptly
by or on the sixtieth (60th) day following the end of each calendar
month thereafter, the party paying or accounting to the other (Payor)
shall furnish to the party to whom any payment or accounting is due
(Payee) a complete and accurate statement showing the number units
(e.g., paid Q-Link subscriber hours) during the preceding calendar
month, itemized deductions (if any) permitted pursuant to this
Agreement, the total gross receipts, and the royalty payable to Payee
(if any).  If the territory covered by the applicable license hereunder
includes more than one country, the statement provided pursuant to this
paragraph shall disclose the required information both in the aggregate
and separately for each country within the territory.  The required
statements shall be furnished to Licensor whether or not royalties have
been earned during the preceding calendar month.  The amount shown to
be due Licensor shall be paid simultaneously with the rendition of the
respective statements.  Such statements shall be furnished to licensor
on the form attached hereto as Exhibit E.
.PP
14.12. Any and all amounts payable shall be remitted to the Payee's
address, as set out elsewhere herein.  All payments made hereunder
shall be in U.S. currency.  Time is of the essence with respect to all
payments hereunder.
.PP
14.13. Due to the administration costs to Payee of collecting monies
which are overdue, a late charge equal to eighteen percent (18%) per
annum shall be levied on any amount due hereunder, from and after the
date upon which the payment is due until the date of payment.  The
receipt or acceptance by Payee of any of the statements furnished
hereunder or of any royalties paid hereunder (or the cashing of any
royalty checks paid hereunder) shall not preclude Payee from
questioning the correctness thereof at any time, and in the event that
any inconsistencies or mistakes are discovered in such statements or
payments, they shall immediately be rectified and the appropriate
payment made by Payor.  The parties agree that statements rendered in
accordance with this paragraph shall be conclusively deemed and
presumed correct upon the second anniversary of receipt thereof by
Payee, unless prior to such anniversary either party notifies the other
of any questions regarding the accuracy of any such statement(s).  In
the event that one party so notifies the other prior to such
anniversary, the statement(s) subject to question shall not be deemed
correct (with regard to the initial question(s) tolling the
previously-described presumption or any other questions) until all
questions are resolved to the satisfaction of the questioning party,
notwithstanding the occurrence of such anniversary prior to such
resolution.
.PP
14.14. The parties agree to keep accurate books of account and records,
including machine sensible data, at their respective principal places
of business covering all transactions relating to their respective
royalty obligations hereunder, and the Payee party or its duly
authorized representatives shall have the right, upon five (5) business
day's prior written notice to Payor, at all reasonable hours of the day
to examine said books of account and records and all other documents
and material in the possession or under the control of Payor with
respect to the subject matter and terms of this Agreement and to make
copies and extracts thereof.  Payee agrees that the information and
material concerning Payor's business to which Payee has access
hereunder shall be held by Payee in confidence, and shall not be
disclosed to any third party, except to the extent necessary to
enforcement of Payor's obligations.  
.PP
14.15. Upon written request, but not more than once each year, Payee
may cause the books and records of Payor with respect to the subject
matter of this Agreement to be examined by a certified public
accountant during usual business hours at the place where such books
and records are regularly maintained and said certified public
accountant may make extracts and photocopies of relevant portions
thereof.  Said audit shall be at Payee's expense, except that if the
audit reveals that Payee is entitled to additional payments equal to
five percent (5%) or more in addition to the amount theretofore paid by
Payor to Payee, then Payor, in addition to immediately forwarding the
amount owed, shall pay the cost of the audit.  Upon demand by Payee,
but not more than once each year, Payor shall at its own expense
furnish to Payee a detailed statement, prepared and certified to be
correct by an independent certified public accountant (or financial
officer approved by Payee), showing accounting information required
hereunder up to the date of Payee's demand.  All books of
account and records as related to royalty obligations hereunder shall
be kept available for at least two (2) years after the expiration or
earlier termination of this Agreement.

15.  \fIWARRANTY_OF_ORIGINAL_DEVELOPMENT\fR
.PP
15.1 Lucasfilm represents and warrants that all materials it produces
hereunder will be of original development by Lucasfilm, except to the
extent any such materials are supplied in whole or in part by Quantum
or based in whole or in part on material supplied by Quantum, and will
not infringe upon or violate any patent, copyright, trade secret or
other property right of any third party, and Lucasfilm will indemnify
and hold Quantum harmless from and against any loss, cost, liability or
expense (including reasonable attorneys' fees) arising out of any
breach or claimed breach of this warranty.  In the event Lucasfilm
shall elect to use or incorporate in the materials to be produced any
components owned in whole or in part by a third party, Lucasfilm shall
first notify Quantum, who, after whatever investigation Quantum may
elect to make, may direct Lucasfilm not to so use or incorporate any
such components.  If Quantum shall not object, Lucasfilm may use or
incorporate such component at Lucasfilm's expense after obtaining the
written consent of the party owning the same, and furnishing a copy
thereof to Quantum; in all events, such components shall be similarly
warranted (except for originality) by Lucasfilm and Lucasfilm will
arrange to transfer title or the perpetual license to use and
sublicense such components to Quantum for purposes of this Agreement,
and shall indemnify Quantum, in the manner aforesaid, with respect
thereto.
.PP
15.2 Quantum represents and warrants that all materials it produces
hereunder will be of original development by Quantum, except to the
extent any such materials are supplied in whole or in part by Lucasfilm
or based in while or in part on material supplied by Lucasfilm, and
will not infringe upon or violate any patent, copyright, trade secret
or other property right of any third party, and Quantum will indemnify
and hold Lucasfilm harmless from and against any loss, cost, liability
or expense (including reasonable attorneys' fees) arising out of any
breach or claimed breach of this warranty.  In the event Quantum shall
elect to use or incorporate in the materials to be produced any
components owned in whole or in part by a third party, Quantum shall
first notify Lucasfilm, who, after whatever investigation Lucasfilm may
elect to make, may direct Quantum not to so use or incorporate any such
components.  If Lucasfilm shall not object, Quantum may use or
incorporate such component at Quantum's expense after obtaining the
written consent of the party owning the same, and furnishing a copy
thereof to Lucasfilm; in all events, such components shall be similarly
warranted (except for originality) by Quantum and Quantum will arrange
to transfer title or the perpetual license to use and sublicense such
components to Lucasfilm for purposes of this Agreement, and shall
indemnify Lucasfilm, in the manner aforesaid, with respect thereto.

16.  \fIWARRANTY_OF_SOFTWARE_FUNCTIONS\fR
.PP
16.1  Lucasfilm and Quantum agree that it is in the interest of both
parties that the MicroCosm system be reasonably free from bugs or other
software or programming defects, such that from its initial
introduction it will be available to subscribers without material
interruption due to such bugs or to software or programming or system
or operator defects.  However, Lucasfilm and Quantum agree that the
design and development of MicroCosm is an innovative and experimental
effort, and due to the complex technical nature of the MicroCosm
system, bugs or defects may occur in the software programmed by either
of the parties prior to the planned Public MicroCosm system release,
and that both parties will use reasonable steps to prevent and/or
remedy any such defects in accordance with this Agreement.
.PP
16.2  Lucasfilm represents and warrants that it will use its best
efforts to deliver to Quantum a Public MicroCosm system release, in
accordance with Exhibit B, which is free from bugs and defects, and
which operates in accordance with the detailed design specifications
described in Exhibit A and the parties' agreed-upon standards for
successful operation as referenced in Paragraph 2.1.  To the extent
that bugs and defects are found after thorough testing and acceptance
by Quantum, Lucasfilm will cooperate with Quantum in fixing such
defects during the first six months after the MicroCosm system in
incorporated onto the Q-Link system, without additional charge to
Quantum.

16.3  Quantum represents and warrants that it will use its best efforts to
ensure that software associated with the MicroCosm system which is programmed
or modified by its programmers is free from bugs and defects, and will
operate in accordance with the detailed design specifications described in
Exhibit A and the parties' agreed-upon standards for successful operation
as referenced in Paragraph 2.1.  To the extent that bugs and defects are
found, Quantum will use its best efforts to fix such bugs and defects, in
accordance with the general understanding outlined in Paragraph 16.1.

16.4  Quantum agrees and acknowledges that testing and debugging of
Lucasfilm's deliverables under this Agreement will require the full and
complete cooperation of Quantum, due to the interdependent nature of
the MicroCosm system with the Q-Link system, and the intended use of
the MicroCosm system itself.  Quantum shall design and conduct such
tests of the MicroCosm system or any part thereof as may be required by
Lucasfilm to provide reasonable assurance that there are no bugs or
defects in the software, shall inform Lucasfilm of the results of such
tests, and shall cooperate with Lucasfilm in modifying or redesigning
parts of the MicroCosm system, or its functioning or performance
standards, as may be required to eliminate possible bugs or defects.

17.  \fIMICROCOSM_SYSTEM_ENHANCEMENTS.\fR
.PP
Lucasfilm shall provide Quantum with a written proposal covering the
advanced object set, object construction kit, universe construction
kit, and gateway developers kit within Fifteen (15) days of the
completion of Beta-test for Beta-test MicroCosm system.  The proposal
shall set forth the cost of each enhancement if completed separately or
as a group, and the time schedule for the completion of each
enhancement separately or as a group.  If approved, Schedule B shall be
amended as approved to reflect the additional deliverables, dates and
payments to Lucasfilm associated herewith.

18.  \fIAMIGA_Q-LINK_SUBSCRIBERS\fR
.PP
Within thirty (30) days from the date Quantum so requests, Lucasfilm
shall provide Quantum with a written proposal covering the design and
development of a complete MicroCosm system for Quantum's Amiga Q-Link
Subscribers.  The proposal shall set forth the costs and time schedule
for the completion of a version of the complete Public MicroCosm system
release as created for Quantum's Commodore 64 Q-Link Subscribers.  To
the extent practical, the parties intend that the general terms and
conditions of this Agreement shall apply to any agreement reached by
the parties with regard to conversion of MicroCosm for access by Q-Link
Amiga subscribers.

19.  \fIASSIGNMENT\fR
.PP
The rights and obligations of the parties hereunder are personal to
such parties and neither party may assign, license or transfer in any
manner its respective rights and obligations hereunder without the
prior written consent of the other party which consent may not be
unreasonably withheld.  The parties agree and acknowledge that such
consent may be conditioned on the assignor party guaranteeing the
performance of the assignee party, and the assignee party providing
satisfactory assurance to the non-assigning party of the assignee's
willingness and ability to perform its obligations should consent be
granted to the assignment.

20.  \fINONCOMPETITION\fR
.PP
20.1  Quantum and Lucasfilm acknowledge the unique nature of the MicroCosm
project, and agree that neither party will in
the design, development, sale or licensing within the Territory of any
product or service which is substantially similar to the MicroCosm system
in structure, content, and distribution, without the prior written consent
of the other party.
.PP
20.2.  It is expressly agreed herein that this Paragraph 20 is not intended
to limit Quantum's right to include other forms of entertainment products on
the Q-Link system, or otherwise limit its ability to use its best judgement
in the development of its product offering.
.PP
20.3.  It is expressly agreed herein that this Paragraph 20 is not
intended to limit Lucasfilm's right to design, develop, sell, or
license forms of interactive entertainment or educational products or
services, including but not limited to telecommunications-based
entertainment, whether or not within the Territory.

21.  \fITERMINATION\fR
.PP
21.1.  If either party materially defaults in performing its
obligations under this Agreement and has not cured the default, or made
a good faith effort to cure the default, within thirty (30) days of
receipt of written notice from the other party specifying the default,
the non-defaulting party shall have the right to terminate this
Agreement and any license granted hereunder upon giving the defaulting
party thirty (30) days written notice of its intention to terminate.
.PP
21.2. For purposes of this Agreement, material default entitly
Lucasfilm to terminate this Agreement shall include, without
limitation, failure by Quantum to obtain required Lucasfilm approvals
or failure by Quantum, for any reason, to carry on efficiently and in
good faith the marketing, distribution, sale and exploitation of MicroCosm in accordance with the terms and intent of this
Agreement.
.PP
21.3. The parties acknowledge and agree that they have entered into
this Agreement based on their respective unique skills and ability to
develop, distribute, sell and otherwise exploit MicroCosm in the form
contemplated, and that if either party's ability to perform under this
Agreement should be impaired for any reason, including but not limited
to those hereafter specified, the other party should be excused from
accepting performance from or rendering performance to any person other
than Licensee.  Accordingly, if either party files a voluntary petition
in bankruptcy or is adjudicated a bankrupt, or if a petition in
bankruptcy is filed against either party which is not dismissed within
forty-five (45) days, or if either party becomes insolvent or makes an
assignment for the benefit of creditors or an arrangement pursuant to
any bankruptcy law, or if either party discontinues its business or if
a receiver is appointed fore either party or its business who is not
discharged within forty-five (45) days, this Agreement and any license
granted hereunder shall terminate immediately without any requirement
of notice from either party whatsoever, and all rights granted
hereunder shall immediately revert to the other party.
.PP
21.4. If at any time during the Term Lucasfilm determines that it is
questionable whether Quantum will be able to perform any of its
material obligations hereunder, Lucasfilm shall be entitled to demand
from Quantum such assurances as Lucasfilm, in its sole discretion,
shall deem adequate to establish Quantum's continuing ability to
perform its obligations.  Failure by Quantum to provide Lucasfilm
assurances in the form requested within thirty (30) days after receipt
of a written demand therefor shall constitute a material breach of this
Agreement.

22. \fILIMITATION_OF_LIABILITY,_INSURANCE,_MARKETING_QUALITY,_AND INDEMNIFICATION.\fR
.PP
22.1. Quantum shall obtain and maintain at its sole cost and expense
throughout the Term of this Agreement standard Product Liability
Insurance, the form of which must be acceptable to Lucasfilm, from a
qualified insurance company licensed to do business in the State of
California, naming Lucasfilm and each and all of the Indemnified
Parties described in Paragraph ___ as additional named insureds, which
policy shall provide protection against any and all claims, demands and
causes of action arising out of any defects or failure to perform,
alleged or otherwise, in the MicroCosm system, or any enhancements
thereof, or any material used in connection therewith or any use
thereof.  The amount of such coverage shall be a minimum of Three
Million Dollars ($3,000,000.00) combined single limit for each single
occurrence for bodily or other personal injury and One Hundred Thousand
Dollars ($100,000.00) for property damage.  The policy shall provide
for ten (10) days' notice to Lucasfilm from the insurer by Registered
Mail, return receipt requested, in the event of any modification,
cancellation or termination.  Quantum agrees to furnish Lucasfilm a
certified copy of the policy providing such coverage within thirty (30)
days after the date of this Agreement, and in no event shall Quantum
market, advertise, distribute or sell MicroCosm prior to receipt by
Lucasfilm of such evidence of insurance.
.PP
22.2. Quantum shall obtain and maintain at its sole cost and expense
throughout the Term standard Advertiser's Liability Insurance, the form
of which must be acceptable to Lucasfilm, from a qualified insurance
company licensed to do business in the State of California, naming
Lucasfilm and each and all of the Indemnified Parties described in
Paragraph ___ as additional named insureds; the amount of coverage shall
be a minimum of Five Hundred Thousand Dollars/One Million Dollars
($500,000.00/$1,000,000.00).  The policy shall provide for ten (10)
days' notice to Lucasfilm from the insurer, by Registered Mail, return
receipt requested, in the event of any modification, cancellation or
termination.  Quantum agrees to furnish to Lucasfilm a certified copy
of the policy providing such coverage within thirty (30) days after the
date of this Agreement, and in no event shall Quantum market, advertise, 
distribute or sell MicroCosm prior to receipt by Lucasfilm
of such evidence of insurance.
.PP
22.3. Lucasfilm hereby indemnifies Quantum and undertakes to hold it
harmless against breach by Lucasfilm of any warranty or representation
made by Lucasfilm hereunder arising solely out of the use by Quantum of
MicroCosm system as authorized in this Agreement, provided
that prompt notice is given to Lucasfilm of any such claim or suit and,
provided further, that Lucasfilm shall have the right to undertake the
defense of any such suit so asserted or brought.
.PP
22.4. Quantum agrees that the marketing and distribution of MicroCosm
shall be of a high standard and of such style, appearance and quality
as to be adequate and suited for exploitation to the best advantage and
to the protection and enhancement of MicroCosm, Lucasfilm and the
goodwill pertaining thereto; that MicroCosm will be marketed, sold and
distributed in accordance with all applicable international, national,
federal, state and local laws, treaties and governmental orders and
regulations; that the policy of sale, distribution and exploitation by
Quantum shall be of a high standard; and that such policy shall in no
manner reflect adversely upon Lucasfilm or the MicroCosm system.
.PP
22.5. For purposes of this Paragraph, "Indemnified Parties" refers to
Lucasfilm, its subsidiaries and affiliates, and their respective 
officers, directors, employees and agents.  Quantum hereby indemnifies
and shall hold harmless the Indemnified Parties and each of them from
and against the costs and expenses of any and all claims, demands,
causes of action and judgments arising out of the unauthorized use or
infringement in connection with the MicroCosm system (except to the
extent arising solely out of the use of the Fantasy Elements) of any patent,
process, method or device, copyright, trademark, service mark, trade
name, or any libel, invasion of the right of privacy, publicity or any
similar rights or interests, or failure to perform, or any defect in or
use of the Microcosm system, or infringement or breach of any other
right of any person, firm or corporation by Quantum, its officers,
employees, agents or anyone directly or indirectly acting by, through,
on behalf of, pursuant to contractual or any other relationships with
Quantum in connection with the preparation, manufacture, distribution,
advertising, promotion or sale of the MicroCosm system, or any
material relating thereto.  With respect to the foregoing indemnity,
Quantum shall defend and hold harmless all of the Indemnified Parties
and each of them, at no cost or expense to them whatsoever, including
but not limited to attorneys' fees and court costs.  Lucasfilm shall
have the right to defend any such action or proceeding with attorneys
of its own selection.  Quantum hereby agrees that it shall indemnify
and forever hold harmless the Indemnified Parties against and from any
and all claims, costs, liabilities, judgments, damages and expenses,
including without limitation reasonable attorneys' fees arising out of
breach or alleged breach by Quantum of any provision of this Agreement
or any misrepresentation made by Quantum herein or any act not
expressly authorized herein.
.PP
22.6. For purposes of this Paragraph, "Indemnified Parties" refers to
Quantum, its subsidiaries and affiliates, and their respective
officers, directors, employees and agents.  Lucasfilm hereby
indemnifies and shall hold harmless the Indemnified Parties and each of
them from and against the costs and expenses of any and all claims,
demands, causes of action and judgments arising out of the unauthorized
use or infringement in connection with the use by Quantum authorized by
this Agreement of the MicroCosm system or Fantasy Elements.  With
respect to the foregoing indemnity, Lucasfilm shall defend and hold
harmless all of the Indemnified Parties and each of them, at no cost or
expense to them whatsoever, including but not limited to attorneys'
fees and court costs.  Quantum shall have the right to defend any such
action or proceeding with attorneys of its own selection.  Lucasfilm
hereby agrees that it shall indemnify and forever hold harmless the
Indemnified Parties against and from any and all claims, costs,
liabilities, judgments, damages and expenses, including without
limitation reasonable attorneys' fees arising out of breach or alleged
breach by Lucasfilm of any provision of this Agreement or any
misrepresentation made by Lucasfilm herein.  

23. \fINOTICES.\fR
.PP
All notices, payments or other communications provided for this
Agreement shall be made in writing and shall be deemed properly
delivered when actually received or delivered personally, or by the
mailing of such notice to the parties entitled thereto, registered or
certified mail, postage prepaid to the parties at the address set forth
in the first paragraph of this Agreement (or to such address designated
in writing by one party to the other).

24.  \fISUBJECT_HEADINGS.\fR
.PP
The subject heading of the paragraph and subparagraphs of this
Agreement are included solely for purposes of convenience and reference
only, and shall not be deemed to explain, modify, limit, amplify or aid
in the meaning, construction or interpretation of any of the provisions
of this Agreement.

25.  \fIAMENDMENTS.\fR
.PP
No supplement, modification or amendment of any term, provision or
condition of this Agreement shall be binding or enforceable unless
executed in writing by the parties hereto. 

26.  \fIENTIRE_AGREEMENT_AND_WAIVER.\fR
.PP
This Agreement contains the entire Agreement between the parties hereto
and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous agreements, arrangements,
negotiations and understandings between the parties hereto relating to
the subject matter hereof.  There are no other understandings,
statements, promises or inducements, oral or otherwise, contrary to the
terms of this Agreement.  No representations, warranties, covenants or
conditions, express or implied, whether by statute or otherwise,
otherwise, other than as set forth herein have been made by any party
hereto.  No waiver of any term, provision or condition of this
Agreement, whether by conduct or otherwise, in any one or more
instances, shall be deemed to be, or shall constitute, a waiver of any
other provision hereof, whether or not similar, not shall such waiver
constitute a continuing waiver, and no waiver shall be binding unless
executed in writing by the party making the waiver. 

27.  \fIPARTIES_IN_INTEREST.\fR
.PP
Nothing in this Agreement (whether express or implied) is intended to
confer upon any person other than the parties hereto and their
respective successors and permitted assigns, any rights or remedies
under or by reason of this Agreement, nor is anything in this Agreement
intended to relieve or discharge the liability of any other party
hereto, nor shall any provision hereof give any entity any right to
subrogation against or action over against any party.

28.  \fICOUNTERPARTS.\fR
.PP
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of
which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall
constitute one and the same instrument. 

29.  \fIFORCE_MAJEURE.\fR
.PP
Any prevention, delay or stoppage due to strikes, lockouts, labor
disputes, acts of God, inability to obtain labor or materials or
reasonable substitutes therefore, governmental controls, judicial
orders, enemy or hostile government action, civil commotion, fire or
other casualty, and other causes beyond the reasonable control of
either party shall excuse the performance of that party of its
obligations hereunder for a period equal to any such prevention, delay
or stoppage. 

30.  \fIREMEDIES_NOT_EXCLUSIVE.\fR
.PP
The remedies given to the parties hereunder shall be in addition and
supplemental to all other rights or remedies which each party may have
under the law then in force.

31.  \fIAPPLICABLE_LAW.\fR
.PP
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in
accordance with the subject to the laws of the State of California.


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Agreement to be
signed by their duly authorized representatives on the date indicated
below, and declare the same to be effective on the date first written
above.

.nf
                            LUCASFILM LTD.

                        By: _______________________________

                       Its: _______________________________



                            QUANTUM COMPUTER SERVICES, INC. 

                        By: _______________________________

                       Its: _______________________________


.bp

                                       EXHIBIT A
















.ce
MICROCOSM PROPOSAL
.bp
.ce 3
EXHIBIT B
.ul
DELIVERABLES_AND_PAYMENT_SCHEDULE

.nf
.ul
 DATE             MILESTONE                    DELIVERABLE          PAYMENT

Nov 6     Letter Agreement                                          $25,000

Dec 15    Contract Signing                                           25,000

Jan 15    *Demo Graphics Tools                                       25,000
          *Demo simple animation        Videotape of demo            
          *Demo C-64/Host -
            trivial communications
          Object Definitions            Object Definition Document

Feb 15    Demo Object Lookup/                                        25,000
           in Host (Q)
          Partial Object Artwork        Photos of Objects
          Demo C-64/Host full
           message exchange

Mar 15    *Demo full C-64 animation     Videotape of demo            25,000
          Additional object artwork     Photos of Objects
          *Demo first functional        Videotape of demo
            objects            
                                        Story Document

Apr 15    Finish host db processor (Q)                               25,000
          Host accessible remotely (Q)
          *Demo complete object set
            remotely w/host            
                                        Beta-test plan submitted (Q)

Mat 15    System integration            Full system beta-test        25,000
          Demo Beta release              version: C-64 disk w/
          System operational,            home sys. object code,
           begin beta-testing (Q)        prelim. user + system
                                         documentation

Jun 15    *Demo complete object set                                  25,000
            on C-64/host
          Debugged system              Full system revised version
                                        w/debugged C-64 home
                                        system disk, modified
                                        user documentation
          Rev. 1 Avatar Kit            Object Code on Disk 
          Rev. 1 Turf Kit              Object Code on Disk

Jul 15    Public MicroCosm             Full system delivery:         25,000
           system release               C-64 disk w/home system
                                        object code, final rev. of
                                        host system (Q), final user
                                        documentation

Aug 15    Project wrapup               Final system operation        25,000
                                        documents, reports


(Q)  Indicates deliverable by Quantum
.fi

* Indicates Demo to occur at Lucasfilm.  All other demos to take place
at Quantum or remotely on the Q-Link.
.bp
.ce 3
EXHIBIT D
.ul
MICROCOSM_SYSTEM_COMPONENT            OWNERSHIP

Basic Object Set                      Lucasfilm

Baseline Home System                  Lucasfilm

Baseline Host System Software         Joint (Quantum/Lucasfilm)

Baseline System Host Data Base        Lucasfilm

Avatar Personalization Kit            Lucasfilm

Turf Personalization Kit              Lucasfilm

System Manager's Package              Joint (Quantum/Lucasfilm

Documentation                         Lucasfilm

Host System Operating Software        Quantum

































