I spent a few hours now exploring Q-Link and CompuServe.  I think I pretty
much understand what they're all about and have a clear model of their full
virtuality.

Q-Link you've seen.  Basically, you have a tree structured network of
services, most of which consist of the computer typing stuff at you.  Each
node in the tree has a menu and something that happens there.  Mostly though,
you just have the menu, wherein you select some specialization of the thing
that the node corresponds to.  For example, selecting the "Customer Service
Department" from the top level menu leads you to another menu wherein you
select what function you want wherein you select some sub-function wherein it
displays some information or asks you for some information.  That's basically
it.  Some of the bottom levels of the tree hand you over to an interactive
module of some sort.  The prime example of this is "chat".  I didn't get much
of a chance to play with chat because there weren't really enough people on.

Compuserve is much more complex, but the complexity comes from the age,
maturity and range of services offered rather than from the design itself.
The design is basically the same -- you have a tree of screens.  Each screen
consists of some stuff that it types at you (filling one screen's worth on
your terminal), followed a menu of choices from which you pick.  Often, this
menu consists of one item, like "press return for more text".  It's a REALLY
stupid system.  Most everything is shoehorned into this screen structure.
Their CB facility interacts somewhat differently -- once you select CB (after
about 5 levels of menus) it pauses and appears to actually hand you over to
another CPU, which processes CB stuff.  In CB everything you type gets
broadcast, unless you precede it with a "/" in which case it gets interpreted
as a command of some sort (e.g., to change the CB channel).  It continually
fills the screen with stuff other people are typing at CB.  Each person's
stuff is prefixed with their "handle".


CB is *bizarre*.  Basically, there are 72 channels, divided into 2 bands of
36, and each band seems to be on a separate machine.  Both times I looked
(9pm-ish Friday and Sunday nights) there were 5-6 channels in use on each
band, each channel with typically 2-4 people on it, except for channel #1 on
Band A which had about 70 people on it.  These people all had handles that
ranged from the merely odd to the almost obscene (some samples: "Manda Lynne",
"Group Sex!", "horny hon", "big Dick", etc.  Use your imagination.).  The
primary topic of conversation did indeed seem to be sex, with people basically
trying to pick each other up.  Picking someone up in this context means making
a direct person-to-person private connection with them via the "/talk"
command.  What most people do via such connections I can only guess.  I have
two sample data points: two people who decided to "/talk" to me.  Being in
exploration mode I complied.  (BTW, I was using the handle "Fnordly", that
being obscure but not too obscure and relatively neutral in the suggestive
innuendo dept.)  Friday I had an interesting conversation with "Group Sex!"
who turned out to be a bunch of people gathered around a terminal in
Washington D.C.  Whether or not they were actually having an orgy on the other
end was difficult to determine.  In any case we had an interesting
conversation about the goddess Eris and Discordian philosophy.  This
discussion was triggered by my handle  (Have you read "Illuminatus!"?  No?  Do
so.)  Sunday I somehow got into a conversation with "lust crazed couple" (I'm
serious, that was really their handle) who merely wished to give me a
play-by-play (or perhaps blow-by-blow would be more appropriate) narration of
what they said they were doing, which you can no doubt imagine for yourself.
It was, shall we say, different from the sort of thing you read on "msgs".

I'm now going to go explore the games on CompuServe.  They have on-line
versions of all the traditional on-line sorts of games (Adventure, lunar
lander, etc.) plus the conventional boring stuff (checkers, chess) that you
can do with another person plus some more interesing things that look rather
involved.  The most significant of these seems to be "MegaWars" of which there
are 2 versions.  "MegaWars I" seems to be 2-10 player real-time fly-thru-space
shoot-em-up, though not graphic because it has to talk to dumb terminals.
"MegaWars III" (I don't know what happened to "MegaWars II") seems to be more
like "Empire" among the stars.  They give you some brief instructions, but
these games seem to be VERY complicated, with lots of commands and syntax and
so on (lots of geek appeal here).  CompuServe recommends that one buy a
"CompuServe Games Manual" that documents the rules and commands in detail.
I'm not sure how much this costs, but we might want to get one just for
reference.

More to follow as I explore...
