
From chip Wed Sep 10 15:04:50 1986
Received: by moth; 10 SEP 86 15:04:50 PDT
From: chip (Chip Morningstar -- "Software Without Moving Parts")
To: sda
Cc: chip
Subject: Re:  status of planning
Status: RO

I spoke with Marc and Anne right after lunch.  Got my questions answered ok
and went over my current setup plan with them.  We agree on most everything.

Marc wants to stress to the demonstrators what they are allowed to do rather
than what they are not allowed to do -- i.e., prescribe rather than proscribe.
I will be changing the tone of the plan document a little bit to reflect this
idea.

Physical setup is as we expected, 8 stations grouped into 4 pairs.  Anne says
they can put the 2 pairs that are out on the dance floor back-to-back but that
this will be problem for the other two stations.  I suggested that we should
have a Stratus terminal or a voice line to Virginia in a back room somewhere.
Anne said this was a problem because we only have 8 phone lines, which had to
be set up special.  Marc, however, saw the value in this suggestion and
recommends that we keep one of demo stations near a curtain where we can pull
it down and use its phone line to call Virginia if we have to.

They are planning on having 4 people online from Virginia, not the 8 that I
had guessed, though Marc said they could add more if we wanted them to.  It's
no big deal to me (my choice of 8 was arbitrary) so we are going to plan on
the basis of 4.  One of the 4 will be Ken Huntsman, who will be standing by in
Virginia as the experienced hand in case of problems.

Anne stressed that their years of experience giving demos has taught them to
expect glitches and crashes due to telephone problems, so we should just be
cool and not worry too much if something dies -- we should just be prepared to
drop back and restart.

They agreed that they are responsible for technical logistics but that we are
responsible for the content of the demo.

From chip Mon Sep 29 17:17:42 1986
Received: from moth by kessel; 29 SEP 86 17:17:42 PDT
From: chip (Chip Morningstar -- "Software Without Moving Parts")
To: sda
Cc: aric, farmer
Received: by moth; 29 SEP 86 17:17:45 PDT
Subject: OK, here's the plan

The Habitat gang all got together today and spent a few hours discussing
world development and so on.  Here's what we worked out:

We are going on the expectation that I am going to continue to be preoccupied
with design and concept work for the next phases of the project, if there are
to be any, and that I will also be responsible for overseeing the Beta-test
(the assumption being that the Beta test will result in sudden, massive
feedback that will require some action on our part).  This means that the work
of world generation is going to fall primarily to Randy and Aric, though I
will supervise.  On the basis of these assumptions, came up with the following
division of task responsibilities for the next couple of weeks:

Randy --
Install materials for D'nalsi Island treasure hunt (books, clues, wizard's
house furnishings, etc.).
Implement "Quest for the Jewelled Horn of the Green Bleem" (an ongoing
treasure hunt based on Hal Barwood's revolving-owner artifact idea).
Set up a stock-market game.
Set up a capture-the-flag game.
Set up a road-rally game.

Aric --
Develop King Game into a complete entity (possibly based on "Chicago Kingpin",
at his option).
Add new regions to Populopolis and polish what's already there.  In
particular, add back alley, library (library is needed for D'nalsi
Island adventure, among other things), and theater.
Finish the Road Through The Woods realm.
Install Burma Shave signs.
Set up an Assassin game.
Create one new adventure/game of his own devising.

Chip --
Provide host software support for above projects, as needed.
Work on concept development and planning for extensions/follow-on projects/
support tools.
Update and finish manual.
Develop operations plans.
Oversee Beta-test.



